Q1- What are the applications of CDISC Standards?

Applications of CDISC Standards are as follows:
	Establishing CRTs to send them to FDA to get NDA
	Analyzing, Mapping, and Pooling clinical study data.
	With the help of CDISC-SDTM mapping, we can create Annotated case report form.
	To continue SAS we can create analyzed data sets in CDISC and non-CDISC standards.

Q2- What sort of information do you find in the AE dataset and what exactly is the purpose of the same?

Its stands for Adverse Events. It provides useful information regarding the subject code, subject matter, and generally it contains all 
the relevant codes in the module. In addition o this, it offers users the information of the events as well as on the severity of the same.
The required summary of the events can easily be targeted through this approach and this is exactly what helps users in assuring the overall
safety of the drug.

Q3- What do you know about the Case Report Form in SAS?
The case report form is basically a document on which the names of all the variables are written in a defined or an undefined manner. 
There are certain questions about the CRF and in most of the cases, they are addressed with a reporting mechanism. The CRF actually acts 
as a channel between the CRF and the raw data. A lot of medical programmers and statisticians make use of it. 

Q4- What are the two formats that FDA accepts when it comes to document submission?
The format can be PDF or. XML file. The user needs to update the macro's information while doing so in the primary domain for the 
successful accomplishment of the concerned tasks.

Q5- Imagine a listing with complex needs and a lot of pages, how would validation be performed in such a scenario?
Listing first needs to be converted into the data sets. This is because it is not possible for the users to perform validation for such 
a large number of pages. There is a function that can be used for this task in SAS and i.e. PROC 

Q6- What exactly do you know about the Case Report Tabulation?
It is basically a report which every pharmaceutical company has to submit to the FDA for getting the necessary approvals. 
The Clinical SAS module is good enough to be trusted for the generation of this report in an effective manner.
There are various filters that can be applied and the sections can be nullified with the domain in a very easy manner. 







